# Culminating-Project

About my Project: My game is called "Catchoroma" and it is a single player game where you try to catch the ball by moving your cursor to the ball. This game has three levels and they get progressively more difficult and complicated as they go. The first level is very simple and helps the user understand the rules of the game. The first level provides a line attached to the ball and your cursor so it gives the user a sense of direction as to where the ball is across the screen. The second level gets a bit more complicated as the time limit decreases and the line has disappeared. The player must figure out where to move their cursor on their own and in a shorter amount of time. Finally, level three is the hardest level by far and it is because the time limit is shorter and the size of the ball decreases everytime the player catches it. This will lead to the player having to be more precise and having to do that within the shortest amount of time throughout the entire game.

Special Features: Some special features in my game is the fact that the player is able to choose their own characters in the game. They get to choose which colour they would like the ball to be be instead of being forced to play with only one boring colour. Another special feature is the amount of player interactions this game has. For example, it has a welcome screen and to go to the next page, the player has to press a certain key on their keyboard. Next is the instructions page, to go the next page, they have to press their mouse. The next page is where they select their character and then they get to play the game. The amount of player and user interactions this game has is very similar to actual games that the public plays and enjoys in their free time.
